successor notice (#135)
google/swift-jupyter: README.md

# Unmaintained Project

> Warning: This project has been unmaintained since around the end of 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: This project not been maintained since around the end of 2020.
```

Reviewer: Nevermind.

> Consider using https://github.com/philipturner/swift-colab instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using [Swift-Colab](https://github.com/philipturner/swift-colab) instead.
```

Reviewer: Nevermind again.
